Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, hello there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You look tired still
ethant: Really
ethant: Good afternoon. I feel nice and rested.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good. How's things going. I haven't seen you in a year.
ethant: It was just, it was two days ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I'm just giving you a hard time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
ethant: Uh, I
ethant: Feel like
ethant: Emotionally, things are way better. I feel like I'm kind of like come around and not depressed anymore.
ethant: I'm
ethant: Not as stressed about work as I was
ethant: I mean it's it's still stressful. It's still the exactly the same situation, but I don't feel like as bad about it on a day to day basis, as I did before.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
ethant: So I'm kind of like you or you know I'm I'm reacting to it more seemingly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Maybe it's because you got a definite and there's no there's not a whole lot of unknowns left you know because you've already had that conversation. You know what, what to expect. You know what I mean. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is kind of
Looked higher
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you look like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just had this look for a second, where it was like, oh, oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what's been happening, how has it been working at home.
ethant: Um, it's a little bit like Groundhog Day, sort of like every day. Is that the same
ethant: Yeah, I went out today and I hadn't even stepped out of the apartment in several days. I went to the supermarket, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How is that
ethant: I it could have been given, given that I know that things are getting crazier and crazier and I haven't been out for a while, they really could have been way more dramatic.
ethant: I don't know. I went there and I I needed a handful of things like bananas, which they had I wanted to buy some half and half, which they didn't have
ethant: I wanted to buy some bread and they didn't really have exactly like the normal selection, but they had some stuff.
ethant: They're totally out of ice cream.
ethant: There's just certain like sections of the supermarket that are just took. I don't know if it's the same situation where you are, but certain sections of serie just totally empty.
ethant: But this is a whole foods that I go to around the corner from my house. And it's funny because some things are perfectly well stocked like the fancy cheeses and everything. No problem, or even the it seemed like the the meats and the seafood and all that stuff.
ethant: You could have a feast, if you wanted to, you know, but no, you know, good luck trying to buy by, like, half and half, or take toilet paper like these things that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That it's amazing when you when you go in and you see what people are clearing the shelves for and the selection. Yeah, definitely. I went into one store the other day, and there was like two boxes to cartons of eggs, and that was it. They were not, you know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I haven't been getting us into several markets and I haven't seen
ethant: Eggs in a while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The toilet
ethant: Paper thing. I just don't understand it. You asked me this question, and now I'm wondering myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like
ethant: I don't know if it started as a rumor that likes toilet paper is going to sold out. And so therefore, everybody but but toilet paper or another.
ethant: Way to look at it as me, it's like all paper products are just selling out like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He
ethant: at my local Walgreens. There's the section where they have toilet paper. Paper towels, Kleenex, you know, and that is one of the sections in the store. That's just there's literally everything is gone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's crazy. It is, yeah.
ethant: So there's gotta be something to that like it's part. I mean, maybe partially human nature, but maybe it's partially because
ethant: They maybe they don't stock that stuff as well because
ethant: It's like bulky and low profit margin. So they probably don't don't like
ethant: Us up you know they don't dedicate that much of the truck space to that stuff.
ethant: Right, and probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they probably never ran out like now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's for sure. Um, so tell me how it works. Going working at home. I know it's repetitive and but
ethant: It got kind of weirdly, I got a little bit exciting related to the coronavirus actually because
ethant: So I have this the reason that I my rain. My main like thing that's keeping
ethant: That's keeping me employee that they know that they absolutely need me for it's just like really dreadfully boring.
ethant: Audit that
ethant: That nobody knows how to deal with except they're learning. I actually give them more credit. They're learning how to deal with it, but I'm only I'm the one that knows how to deal with it.
ethant: So they need. They're keeping me around. I think kind of in their mind like oh if Ethan just gets us through this thing and it will be okay. And then if he left it wouldn't really be the end of the world.
ethant: So, but that thing is so boring. It's like the it's it's
ethant: It's ironic that it's going to be. I'm going to have it all over my resume, because it is a thing that a lot of companies need to deal with, but it's just not my area of like
ethant: It's like audit you know compliance and or, you know, complying to these industry standards for for security so that you can accept credit cards.
ethant: I don't know if you've ever dealt dealt with this before.
ethant: A lot of companies have to deal that even like smaller like my sisters and my sister runs a high school and they have to do some PCI thing every year.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's for specifically for credit card usage.
ethant: Yeah, so, because there's so much because our economy rely so much on credit cards, and there were set, there's a series, they've continued, I guess, there have been like
ethant: incident after incident where these major
ethant: These companies are broke the, you know, they have a an intrusion into their payment processing systems and someone will steal like hundreds of millions of credit card numbers.
ethant: And then they sell them and try to do this fraud on them, which is a major problem for the banks and so the banks.
ethant: Over the years, they've sort of tried to transfer more and more responsibility onto the merchants.
ethant: For keeping those keeping the stuff secure, you know, as you know, like when you put a credit card number in a website or whatever.
ethant: So anyway, as part of implementing that this the banks and the merchants and everybody got together and made this sort of consortium. That's called PCI payment something industry standards.
ethant: Which comes down to all these rules that there's different
ethant: Levels that you have to comply to depending on how many transactions you do and what the
ethant: What the amount of the transaction is and how many credit card, whether or not you actually store credit card numbers, which is something that
ethant: My company does, which is kind of unusual. Like most companies.
ethant: Would they don't want to store credit card numbers because then you take on all this liability.
Um,
ethant: So anyway, every year, we have to go through this process and
ethant: We used to have a whole team. I'm not sure what to this, I told you before, we said, there used to be this whole security compliance team that as our company kind of downsized and downsize, and we got bought
ethant: More and more things kind of got piled on my team. And this is one of them. And then I lost more and more people and tells just me. It's like just me and I'm in this is this thing that I have to deal with. So that's the boring part but then the more exciting part is
ethant: We use these offshoring these offshore.
ethant: Content moderator people so like we're dating site and some people upload photos and you know personal descriptions onto their profiles and we actually have humans that moderate this stuff.
ethant: And we employ them in these giant that third parties. We've offshore it and we hire these companies in India to do that.
ethant: And so all those companies in India and Malaysia and the Philippines, they're having coronavirus shut down. And so they can't have their people in their office.
ethant: And so we have this network problem where suddenly, those people are going home to their houses in the Philippines and we need to figure out a secure way to connect them into our back end systems and like our big hurry like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we have to do it in the day or
Whatever.
ethant: So I've been involved in trying to get that to work that's been kind of fun.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And have you been successful.
ethant: We're cutting corners, but we're kind of getting it. We're getting something getting it to work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. Yeah. So that's cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow. And so what are they going to do when you're not there anymore. I mean, how are they going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sure
ethant: They have a lot of people who are smart and who think they know what they're doing. And so that's that's how that's most of the battle is they're just willing to, like, dive in and figure it out.
ethant: But I can imagine there being some pretty major
ethant: Events in certain things happen. And I'm not around me, or there's a couple other people that really know the system. So if we're not around, they're just going to take longer to figure out what the heck you know what's happening in longer to fix it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And any news from the other company.
ethant: So,
ethant: I told them, give me a week.
ethant: To
ethant: To figure out what my timeline is. And that was a little more than a week ago. And then I actually had a conference call with them, but it wasn't that was on yesterday.
ethant: And that conference call wasn't about potentially working there. That was a conference call, where that we've been having bi weekly because my current company as a customer their company.
ethant: So it wasn't, it was more to discuss that that business relationship. And so, notably in that call that the CEO and the CTO, like the guys that I'm friends with who might
ethant: Who are excited about the possibility of working there. They didn't even show up for the call. So they're probably kind of waiting for me to
ethant: start that process again about, you know, when I'm ready to
ethant: Yeah, and I haven't started it because I
ethant: Well, partially partially because I'm nervous. And I don't want to start but partially because I can't. I still it's still
ethant: It's still a month out before I can we even even longer than that, before you know a month and a half before I really want to leave some
ethant: I'm like delaying it a little bit. And what might happen in this time is they're going to fill the position and and and so I might miss out in a certain way.
ethant: They, they already opened the door to maybe if they do fill that position to creating another position for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Because now.
ethant: It's gonna be interesting. What happens, it will see with the stock market down like this. Nobody's going to be hiring right
ethant: So,
ethant: Yeah, I could
ethant: Look, I have my other I have another buddy who was really aggressively trying to get me to work for his company and I was supposed to have lunch with him.
ethant: Yesterday, and then he canceled that lunch, just because of the whole shutdown.
Um,
ethant: So yeah, so yeah I'm maybe it's maybe I should be maybe this is a case where I should be worrying, you know, not unusual for me, but I'm feeling like God. Yeah, I think I told you, like, the longer I hang on to this job, I get this like sweets. My really sweet salary and I get to work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On this
ethant: Well, except for this boring PCI thing but um yeah so I'm kind of allowing myself a little more time to
Potter along the way in the
ethant: Whiskey excuse me in the
ethant: Mode that I'm on
ethant: The thing. The final decision, the final or though the firm news that I got you might remember is that
ethant: They aren't extending me, however.
ethant: I am I had, I was already extended through the month of June. So that's three months. Right.
Mm hmm.
ethant: Three and a half months that I still have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you're just gonna play it by ear and just keep doing what you're doing and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep doing what I'm doing.
ethant: In I'm
ethant: Assuming I want to kind of shoot towards close to that end date so that I can make as much money as possible and do as much as I can, at this company, you know, with of these projects that I want to do.
ethant: Then yeah, I should really kick in. I mean, I should be doing things now like preparing my resume and then like May, June.
ethant: Seriously, searching and then hopefully by because so it'll be doing July, it'll be July 1 that I would be available.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's definitely a good plan. You know what I mean to have it ready
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Man may April may start working on it. Get it out. Yeah. And you can definitely feel the water than to on whether or not they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are still, you know, going to have a position available for you or if they're, you know, because of this whole thing and we don't know what's going to happen tomorrow or next week with this, you know, whole set down thing. I mean casinos are shutting down. You know what I mean. Yeah.
ethant: I know it's unprecedented
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The neat thing about this.
ethant: This company that I want to go work for is that their
ethant: Business is remote access. So they they're potentially I hope that they're getting a lot of new customers right now.
ethant: So, and then, that's another cool thing is that I actually another thing that I learned just yesterday.
ethant: Was that spark the company that I'm working for, and they are open to being a customer of
ethant: banya in the company that I want to go work for for this remote access to. So if I if I successfully get that setup. So in other words, I'm sort of selling the product, even though I don't yet work for them.
ethant: Then, that'll be that'll be really good for
ethant: My that'll improve if anything, my chances are going to work for them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Nice. Nice. Well, that's really cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would be in, I would probably be in the same position you're in and just kind of sit back and do what you're doing, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just play it out by ear. Because again, we don't know what was going on. We have no idea what's coming, you know, we just got to kind of roll with the punches as things come out, you know,
ethant: Yeah, I'm obviously not like hyper competitive cutthroat kind of person so
ethant: So, but I've worked. I've been kind of mentoring people for on 10 years now at my current gig. And so many of them. So they've all worked for a year or two with me and then left and gone to every, you know,
ethant: Almost every tech company. You can think of in the Bay Area. So I have like contacts and all these companies so
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really cool too. Yeah, so if
ethant: It comes down to it, I don't know, but I like to think I would have a good reference that a lot of places.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Something tells me you probably will.
ethant: Get to the glasses. Everybody thinks I'm smart because I wear glasses.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's the brain. It's what I think it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And your depressions. Good.
ethant: Better
ethant: I'm Mary increase my antidepressant knows but that was just a few days ago, or whatever that I so I wouldn't expect it to to have made a big change. Big difference, yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe
ethant: The last freak out. I had was about my retirement. I know everybody's freaking out about their 401k right now but
I had this
ethant: So when I started working 10 years ago I put like turned on my 401K, I set the maximum
ethant: Contribution to it, and then I'd always heard like pretty much just let it do its thing. And don't pay to don't freak out, like, you know,
ethant: But I think that a little bit too.
ethant: Extreme and I literally didn't even log on to it for like seven years.
ethant: And then I logged on on like it's not as much money as I thought I would have in there. And then this just recently, last week or two, I realized like,
ethant: The default fund that they put me in somehow has been losing money. So I've been pouring all my 401k money into this. So you think over the past 10 years with the incredible stock market that we've had. And I've been in investing the maximum that I can that I'd be doing great. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so
ethant: But apparently I invested are the default fund that they chose for me 10 years ago when I signed up like lost money over 10 years. So basically, my whole 401k is just like shot and then so it lost money over 10 years and then this downturn or happens last even more money. So I'm like,
ethant: Compared to the cash that I put in. It's like down 40% or something like that. Whereas it should have gone up like 300%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. So that's it.
ethant: So I guess I have to work my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Join the crowd.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, I can't. There's nothing you can do to change it.
No.
ethant: I mean what complained to them that their property.
ethant: I guess I could sue them that, but still, it's like, then they'll say no, you should have been more, you should have been paying more attention to your investment choices and it's I gave him, you know, which is true. I should have
ethant: been paying attention.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I would have never known, you know, with a 401k that you have to be pay attention to that. And, you know, I'm not like really familiar with, with it because, you know, obviously I don't have one, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It would seem that if you started losing money for your 401K that you would have gotten some kind of email or an alert or her
ethant: Right, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, when your credit score goes down. You certainly get alerts on that or you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah definitely would have this would. I mean, it would seem to me we get some kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, alert, you know. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know. I'm gonna ask
ethant: My mom wants me to go get a
ethant: Or my sister recommends a financial planner. So I'm going to go and try to do that in there.
ethant: It maybe there's some they'll look at it and maybe they'll say, God, you should sue them because, I mean, it really is. And I might be misinterpreting. It is the other thing, but it a bit from the best I can figure
ethant: There's all these graphs where it's like, here's the normal growth. Here's how the stock market ended up doing. And then here's your
ethant: Here's your mutual fund that I'm like oh my god why
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did that happen I think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're going to get a financial planner to kind of help you weed through it and see what you can do about it. I'm
ethant: terrified of doing that because
ethant: That's going to be like the day that I grew up when I go and say, Okay, I'm 45 years old, you know, the first
ethant: couple decades of my working career. I was like an active drug users, but I didn't really make any money or save any money.
ethant: And then the second half of you know my working career I invested in this mutual fund was so bad. And I don't know how. So it's basically like they're going to look at my retirement situation and say, like, you're never going to be able to retire.
ethant: Or they're going to convince me, you have to save every penny, which I don't know want to live that way, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so
ethant: I'M JUST SORT OF DREADING IT and the longer that I don't go at this point it's like longer that I don't go and deal with it. I can kind of
ethant: Ignorance is bliss. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. In some scenarios. I think you're right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But yeah, I definitely if I were you get a financial advisor and at least get some information and figure out what you can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to change the track of it because you invest in it for that amount of time and the maximum out. I mean, it just doesn't make any sense that it's just like being poured down the drain. Right.
ethant: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how has things with you and Lily. I love her name by the way.
ethant: Things are great. She's like my
ethant: She's definitely it's like things we've had our rocky periods, but especially in the last year or two. It's that our relationship has been very stable.
So,
ethant: I'm very lucky to have her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: House her restaurant. Did you wind up being they close it, they have to close it.
ethant: So there's still open for deliveries.
ethant: And they're just they were already just sort of, you can buy us a busy business is not great. They had this investor that sort of circling around that.
ethant: This would be the perfect ideal outcome is that
ethant: They kind of need an investor, who's going to put some money into marketing because they have like
ethant: Great food and five star reviews and every and they're based in downtown San Francisco, and they just need a little bit more of a like of a marketing push. I think they need to hire some social now social
ethant: marketing geniuses.
ethant: But the but the lily under business partner don't have the money to like or the time to like
ethant: To grow that part that part of the business so
ethant: Anyway, these investors came around and they're supposed to have these meetings, literally, this past, you know, and then suddenly the market crashed. So of course they're going to be, they're not going to have as much
ethant: Money in the bank to be investing in restaurants. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I don't know, especially when most restaurants are closed right now. Anyways, other than take out, you know, it's like it's like a loss.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I'm seeing, you know, some pretty promising.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Headlines
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From, you know, the President on helping small business owners, you know,
ethant: Yeah, I told that to Loja several times. Like, it sounds like Trump. I mean, I don't know what's actually going to happen, but the definitely the government wants to do some sort of bailout plan for all the businesses that are going to, I mean, tons of businesses are going to go under. Yeah.
ethant: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, my name is packages.
ethant: My life financial timeline is so funny because I did at one time, own a house which was in New Orleans, which was doubly funny because I didn't actually lose the house in Katrina, but then I did lose the house in the mortgage crisis, which was like a couple years after Katrina.
ethant: And
ethant: It was a huge bummer because I had this great little house and this low mortgage payment and everything and then I could couldn't swing the mortgage couldn't even swing the low mortgage payments.
ethant: So I had paid off like three quarters of it or something. But I lost all of it because it's the bank just ticket.
ethant: So that was like hundreds of thousands of dollars is down the very and then
ethant: The government came and said, Oh, we have to help all these these for you know because they had to bail out the banks.
ethant: So they're like we should help the little guys that actually lost their houses so they sent me this check. And so one day I get a check in the mail for like 30 $500 or something.
ethant: For for like losing my house. And I'm like, oh, just that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 30 $500 versus a couple hundred thousand. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a heck of a difference, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any issues with your meds. How's everything been going with your
ethant: Meds are fine. I'm sticking with the
ethant: The three day
ethant: Suboxone
ethant: I will I take the three day Suboxone and I take antidepressants to take the Klonopin but I try not to take it.
ethant: I've been pretty good at that. That day where I had a meltdown about my my
My
ethant: 401K. I took the Klonopin
ethant: Because that was definitely a panic day
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's what they're there for. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what about your sleep. I know we were talking about last week about you waking up or sitting up anyways and not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stopping I
ethant: I'll ask, Well, yeah. After this conversation, but my, I think I stopped doing that.
ethant: Well, you said notice when I would do it. And I haven't been noticed myself doing it. So I think I'm sleeping better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good. That's important. Definitely. You gotta have sleep, you know, you got to have good sleep. Because if not, it just drags everything down, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And your, your diet still good.
ethant: Eating a little light.
ethant: Since the
ethant: Since the real lot of mandated stay at home. I don't know what happened but I kind of
ethant: I was eating really good like heartily for, like, since I sort of sobered up and started the Suboxone up until, like, a week ago. And then I kind of like fell off. And so I have like one meal a day ish but I should be really eating more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's time to think about. Yeah. You know, you just kind of lost her appetite. Oh, but
Yeah.
ethant: It's like I lost interest in food pretty. Yeah, I guess I lost my appetite.
ethant: Drinking coffee in the afternoon. Which probably isn't helping.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, probably isn't helping. And is that changed or is that something you've always done
ethant: You know, part of
ethant: I'm allowing myself to to take naps in the afternoon. I don't. I used to do this. Occasionally, but I'm doing it more like I did it today. I did it yesterday.
ethant: So yeah, I get up and I kind of have breakfast ticket and then I take a nap in the afternoon, and then maybe have dinner, maybe not so I really got to focus on having like a hearty dinner every night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, sometimes you gotta you know you got to make yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be able to sit down and and and do it and it's healthy for it keeps your immune system, you know, going in and you know there's all kinds of benefits you know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, definitely. Um, and you're eating still eating healthy or
ethant: I think I eat pretty healthy, well, we don't have a whole lot of fresh veggies around. That's the one thing but like i well i have a smoothie, which some days I make a smoothie out of berries and other days I make a peanut butters movie.
ethant: That's kind of my breakfast, and then I'll have like a sandwich for lunch and then
ethant: Dinner is kind of that's where
ethant: I've been inconsistent.
ethant: We have some good good stuff. We have some meat in the fridge. So that's what I'll do today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make some dinner yet.
ethant: I'll have a nice hearty dinner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
ethant: I'm gonna make a note of things to turn around. So our next meeting. And you can say, Look at all this great stuff. I did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let's see. So you're sleeping better your depressions better. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any change in your anxiety or they just they fluctuate, or is it just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stressful.
ethant: I kind of
ethant: Yeah, of course. It fluctuates, I feel like I was seriously like depressed and seriously anxious and with good reason for a lot of these things are major things. So, but now the like the last couple days. I feel like I'm kind of stabilized, at least.
ethant: Now, I don't feel like I'm yeah so I'm still a little anxious and a little depressed, but it's not severe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It may be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The next over the next week you know your depression meds have been raised. So maybe that you'll feel the difference in that to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see, what else they did. We did. We plan on last week.
ethant: You wanted me to journal. When I talked to myself through something but
ethant: Remember when I was saying like, oh, you know, I don't have to take medicine about, you know,
ethant: You're like, Oh, that's great. You should really know when that happens. And so I didn't even know whether that happen once this week, I have to admit,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the, the, but you. Okay, so one time you took your, your anxiety med right when you had your freak out. Yeah. And so if we were, if I remember correctly, last week, you had them two or three times.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you can kind of even monitor engaging with, you know, when you feel that you need.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The mad. Yep.
ethant: That's true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So even looking at it from last week to this week it's it's definitely changed because you had your main one. Yeah, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's there's a plus. That's improvement in there too. Yep. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good point. Pregnant in your sleep.
ethant: I'm taking a note about and focus on eating.
ethant: More consistently.
ethant: Let's start a special Rebecca journal here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just gotta remember that, you know, if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's about the routine and that consistency with things right and drinking water eating exercising, if you're able
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, watching the thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that go on in your head, you know, when are you feeling most depressed when you feel feeling most anxiety and what's really going on you know in your mindset when those things are are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At its peak, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially when you know the being homebound is all well and fine but there's going to be a point where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cabin Fever may said,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, yep. And so really being, you know, kind of being prepared.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, for that you're in. You're in San Francisco.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so the whole city is like shut down in San Francisco.
ethant: Yeah it is, but
ethant: You know, the way they worded it it's like stay at home, except for essential activities, but almost
ethant: Everything.
ethant: You know, a lot of things are essential activities.
ethant: So like bars and restaurants like restaurants are closed for eating in. That's a pretty big deal.
ethant: But you can still get takeout.
ethant: But everything else, you know, and you're not supposed to go to work and, you know, schools and worker shut down. So those are all really big deals, but other than that.
ethant: Everything else that we do in life is is an essential activity like you're even allowed to go out and go for a walk. You're just not supposed to get too close to anybody that you don't live with.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And have you been walking, because I think that was something else that we talked about.
ethant: I haven't been, but let me make that part of my daily plan for this coming late
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I think you were going to call your, your family.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Correct.
ethant: We talked about it. I don't remember making a solid commitment about like, I'm going to every day. I'm going to go
No.
ethant: But I want to make that commitment. So let's do that. This week this week, walk every day, maybe with, oh, you know, I've been
ethant: I'll just say walk every day. I am worried about getting too close to like admin or kids, they're all sick that we don't think they have the coronavirus but they all have like colds and coughs and stuff so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's
ethant: The thing is, it's like you don't even want to get close to your family. If you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you can avoid it. Yeah. Especially if they're not feeling well and they're, you know, struggling with some kind of cold, the best you know thing to do is just really, I mean not and it does suck, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then let's see what else were we talking about last week.
ethant: I could bring up my journal from that day.
That would have been
The 11th.
ethant: Oh, you said yeah so other other therapy assignments tried taking a bath with soothing music and a candle before bedtime. I didn't do that. I should, although I did get into
ethant: Is taking a shower at night to relax myself kind of getting into this like wind down routine at the end of the end of the day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay. And how is that been working
ethant: That's great. I love the feeling of getting in bed being all clean and like relaxed and everything.
ethant: Rather than get in bed and like toss and turn and not sleep all night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
ethant: That was my previous pattern.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. So if it's a shower. You know, and that's working. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Do what you know do these things that you've already tried that, you know, you know, work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, they're important.
ethant: work every day.
ethant: Stick with wine down routine.
ethant: Cool, cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And did you check into, well obviously if you're taking a shower at night and it's working, then you wouldn't need any kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tea. I know we talked about different types of tea that would help. But, you know, if you've already got you know honed in on what's working, you know what I mean I wouldn't change it. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. And how's your mindset, then
ethant: Again, I give him, I feel, given the circumstances that I'm doing pretty well. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No triggers or no cravings or
ethant: No, I've noticed that that because I was thinking about how I that incident with the pill and then I was like,
ethant: I noticed that I did not. I have not wanted to go and try to to seek out drugs.
ethant: That feels good. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. And, you know, the fact that you that you owned it and you walk through it.
ethant: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean it. That's a huge piece because part of, you know, recovery is that if we keep secrets about things like that that happened.
ethant: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then that really can feed into our addicted part of our brain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you didn't do that. You do the complete opposite which you know is totally great and awesome because it really kind of deflates it it takes the power out of it, you know. Yeah, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I just wanted to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To give you kudos on that. That's important. You know, we oftentimes we get we worried that, you know, we're going to be judged or you know no one's going to work with us or you know whatever that mindset goes into of negativity and so we'll hold the secrets and they just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like a festering internal sore that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: just sits there until you know we're willing to come clean with it but you know you didn't do that and and that's that's huge.
ethant: Yeah, yeah. That feels good. Like, I appreciate you saying that, and it was kind of like intuitive like immediately after I did it, I was like, I knew that I had to talk about it if I didn't talk about it, then it would be like
ethant: Yeah, then it would be the secret and then maybe it just seemed like it would be worse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So ah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My caves. Like, do you ever have problems, having your cable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: TV with your Catholic on
ethant: Occasionally,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then whatever you wrote, you have to go back
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do it all over again. It's like
ethant: Are you taking notes if
ethant: You're if you're typing while while we meet you do it very subtly. I never noticed
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No I don't take notes because all of our sessions are recorded
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so what I get to do is they're transcribed and then I go in and I review them. And if there's any information missing that I make sure that I put it in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But generally are transcribers are really, really good. So I can go back and take a look at. I could do that myself to instead of having your poetry journal and go back and just take a look at you know our past week. And what we were talking about and making plans for but
ethant: Another thing was DDT and put that on for this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Duty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you have a good time to practice DVD skills like is when you're walking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I think we talked about it but like staying in the moment being present, but really paying attention to what you're hearing and smelling and seeing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On your wall, you know, and just don't pick one thing, but really tried to hone in on the different things that you're seeing, and that you're feeling that you're hearing you know smelling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's, it's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting in touch internally with your senses all five of your senses, you know, yep.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What happens is I hear this little when the virtual clinic. It is trying to talk to me or tell me something here, this little click, click, like, you know, in my ear.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, he's kind of weird, you know, if I have my computer up and I don't have my earbuds in if I'm across the room. I can hear it. And so I gotta run to the computer and look and see what's going on. It's insane.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're going to work on, you're going to look up and research dvd
ethant: Yep. So here's my list. Focus on eating more consistently.
ethant: Continue to count anxiety meds and the times that I'm able to self regulate my panic walk every day stick
ethant: Stick with wind down routine every day like showers read about DPT. For example, when I'm walking tune into not just one thing, but all the senses. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. And another piece of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: keeping you in the present moment. And you can do it like when you're washing dishes or when you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But really just being present making your mind not be someplace else, but be in whatever activity that you're engaging in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The practice that I got was washing dishes and so you feel the sync up even though you have a dishwasher.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, feel, you know, fill the sync up and put your dishes in and feel it like really feel the dishes and feel the warmth and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, what do you close your eyes and and you know really pay allow the other senses to come forth and, you know, and that's a practice you so you you practice while you're walking you practice when you're doing daily living activities, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The better at it, you get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and then you stay out of the stress of the future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the regrets of the past.
Make sense
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of amazing when you can do it. And so that's just one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: DVD skill DVD has like several radical acceptance.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why is my end.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Holders in there too. You know, paying attention to hungry angry lonely tired.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because those are definite slippery slopes, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we'll go over a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A little bit throughout the time. I don't want to bombard you with too many at once, or like what. Wait, what part before was that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not at all, but just kind of handling one thing at a time.
It.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: does sound like a plan.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so what are you going to do for the rest of the evening.
ethant: It's another day where I've like I was said. I took a little nap in the afternoon. So I have to work. It's a work night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get to work for a while.
ethant: I'm gonna work. I'm gonna eat. I'm gonna shower and do my normal night night routine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you going to bed at the same time every night.
ethant: Other than a couple nights when I stay up really late for
ethant: I kind of allow myself to stay up late for one reason or another. Yeah, I'm pretty, I had my like 11 to 12 O'clock bedtime.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Okay. Because again, it's that routine and that consistency and your body gets used to that routine and consistency with, you know, going to bed, getting a certain number of hours of sleeping.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting the nutrients that it needs sleeping and eating, you know, exercise.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what really kind of helps build that solidity you know
ethant: Yeah, I'm good. I'm pretty good with routines when I pick them up like my journaling or my smoothies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. But, um,
ethant: Yeah, there's, there's something that I still need to to develop, I think.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Once you think they are.
ethant: Well, like the ones are talking about, like, I like my first week I was talking about exercise. I still don't really have a I haven't worked a consistent exercise thing into my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Schedule schedule.
ethant: I think this is just a like it. It's a tumultuous time so it's funny. It's a little hard to introduce normality into
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Into everything. Yeah, I know you have to find some kind of balance and normalcy when things are chaotic. Yeah. You know what I mean. And you're right, it is, you know, everything is changed works change, you know, life as we know it is changing right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But again, that's why it's even more important now that you have some basic
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Routine and schedule that you stick to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a whole world outside can be crazy.
ethant: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that doesn't mean that you have to be inside your head right doesn't mean your emotions have to be just means everything outside of you everything you don't have control over.
Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So everything you do have control over. You know, if you were staying in this consistent pattern. You know, it stays level, even though the world around us is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All over the place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bananas. Yeah. Very much so. Yeah, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, I'll let you out of here and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have a great dinner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and I'll enjoy it.
ethant: I'll turn over omit really make an effort to skip to the statistic to these points this week, so we can talk about how it works, next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah, that would be that'd be awesome. And you know, when you eat dinner tonight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be present for it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Enjoy it. You know what I mean, I'll be present with my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Microwave yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whatever it is you later. Yeah, definitely be present for it. You know what I mean. Don't think about work. Don't think about anything else but just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A meal that you made. No. Okay. Okay.
ethant: Will do.
ethant: Thanks, thanks, Rebecca.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you in group.
ethant: Okay, seeing group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right.
Bye bye.